[Docs] Update vizro-ai docs on model customisation (#538)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-ai/docs/pages/user-guides/customize-vizro-ai.md

        llm = ChatOpenAI(
            model_name="gpt-3.5-turbo-0125",
            temperature=0,
            max_retries=5,
        )
        vizro_ai = VizroAI(model=llm)
        vizro_ai.plot(df, "describe the composition of gdp in continent")
        ```

> In addition to customizing the model beyond its name, passing an instantiated model to `VizroAI` lets you use models that are not included in the list of [supported models](#supported-models).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passing an instantiated model to `VizroAI` lets you customize it, and additionally, it enables you to use an OpenAI model that is not included in the above list of [supported models](#supported-models).
```

Reviewer: I added the key word "OpenAI" because I assume you cannot pass anything except that vendor's models and thought it made sense to make that explicit.
